substrate consensus: X
substrate consensus: Ala
substrate consensus: mmal
substrate consensus: mal
substrate consensus: Hpr
substrate consensus: Dhpg
substrate consensus: Tyr
substrate consensus: Hpg
substrate consensus: Trp
substrate consensus: Glu
substrate consensus: Thr
substrate consensus: Gly
substrate consensus: Asp
substrate consensus: Lys
substrate consensus: Asn
substrate consensus: diOH-Bz
substrate consensus: Val
substrate consensus: Pro
substrate consensus: Leu
substrate consensus: Ile
substrate consensus: pk
substrate consensus: Ser
substrate consensus: Fo-OH-Orn
substrate consensus: OH-Orn
substrate consensus: Cys
substrate consensus: Phe
substrate consensus: Arg
substrate consensus: emal
substrate consensus: mxmal
substrate consensus: Gln
substrate consensus: Orn
substrate consensus: His
substrate consensus: bOH-Tyr
substrate consensus: bAla
substrate consensus: bLys
substrate consensus: Dab
